Clarify requirements for issuer-initiated / wallet-initiated issuance support (#313)
vcstuff/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

Note that some optional parts of [@!FAPI2_Security_Profile] are not applicable when using only OpenID for Verifiable Credential Issuance, e.g., MTLS or OpenID Connect.

> Wallets MUST support both Wallet-initiated and Issuer-initiated Credential issuance.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what my suggestion is.

Further down ( https://openid.github.io/OpenID4VC-HAIP/openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-wg-draft.html#section-4.2 )  we already have:

> Both Issuer and Wallet MUST support Credential Offer in both same-device and cross-device flows.

So we at least need to be consistent with that or update that statement.

I'm trying to figure out if we really need to do anything at all, or at least trying to figure out what we lose if we say nothing.

> Wallets MUST support both Wallet-initiated and Issuer-initiated Credential issuance.

Reviewer: Discussed offline with @c2bo - I think we concluded:

a MUST for issuer initiated for the wallet makes sense (it doesn't really make sense to mandate it for the issuer, it feels like it is upto the issuer whether it chooses to have a website). It's upto the ecosystem to define a concrete mechanism of how the wallet is launched (which custom url scheme or deep link).

Whether issuer/wallet support wallet initiated is upto the issuer/wallet/ecosystem (if the wallet wants to it can pre-load a list of issuers it allows credentials to be got from, but it feels odd to force that)

> Wallets MUST support both Wallet-initiated and Issuer-initiated Credential issuance.

Reviewer 2: direction based on WG discussion. Please bikeshed:
```suggestion
It is up to the ecosystem to define whether a particular Credential requires the Wallets and the Issuers to support Issuer-initiated, Wallet-initiated Issuance or both, including how to send Credential Offer.
```
Another option on the table is to add guidance that
- in the decoupled ecosystem, issuer initiated makes sense
- in more wallet centric ecosystem, wallet initiated makes sense
@c2bo to provide a suggestion

> Credential Issuers MUST support either Wallet-initiated issuance, Issuer-initiated issuance, or both.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Note that ecosystems that aim for a stronger separation between the different Issuers and Wallets are expected to prefer the Issuer-initiated issuance flows and those with stronger integration into wallets (more wallet-centric ecosystems) will likely prefer the Wallet-initiated Issuance.

Reviewer: @paulbastian I think we should still call it out as an item ecosystems might want to upgrade to a MUST or downgrade to MAY?
